1) What is an operating system?
- software that controls the hardware. 
2)Give two examples of modern operating systems.
- Windows10 & Ios16
3)What are the functions of an operating system?
- Memory management, Processor management, Device Management, File manegement 
4) What is memory management?
- allocating memory to seprate programs. 
5)What is processor management?
- schedual processes on a processor 
6) What is device management?
- allows connected devices to communicate w other devices connected
7)What is file management?
- creating sturcture on a device to organize, eg. folders 
8)What is a thread?

What is a process?
Name the 5 states of a process
What is a traffic controller?
What is system software?
What is application software?
What is main memory?
What is secondary memory?
What is virtual memory?
What is cloud computing?
Give an advantage of cloud computing?
Give a disadvantage of cloud computing?
List the 4 types of cloud structure
What is IaaS?
What is PaaS?
What is SaaS?
Give two examples of cloud providers.
What is the first item to run what a computer is turned on?
What is the second item to run what a computer is tuned on?
What is the third item to run when a computer is turned on?
What is a single user single task operating system and give an example?
What is a single user multi task operating system and give an example?
What is a multi-user multi-task operating system and give an example?
What is a distributed operating system?
What is a batch operating system?
What is a real time operating system?
What is a swap partition?
How big should a swap partition be?
What is paging?
What is an interface?
Give two examples of types of interfaces.
Name four file systems.
What is defragmenting a hard disk drive?
What does the dir command do?
What does the cd command do?
What does the cls command do?
What does the copy command do?
What does the move command do?
What does the md command do?
What does the rd command do?
What does the edit command do?
What does the ping command do?
What does the ipconfig command do?
What does the del command do?
In Linux what does the ls command do?
What is a kernal?
